Enter your responses inline below and push this file to your private GitHub
repository.


1. Assume I plan to use the friend_overlap function above to quantify the
similarity of two users. E.g., because 344 is larger than 1, I conclude that
Jill Stein and Gary Johnson are more similar than Hillary Clinton and Donald
Trump.

How is this approach misleading? How might you fix it?

This could be very misleading. It might seem like both (Jill Stein and
Gary Johnson) follow similar policies and could confuse people/voters. And different
candidates could be following same person for different reasons. 

However, this can be fixed by getting the tweets which each of the candidates have 
liked and the commented and then decide the reason behind why particular person is 
being followed by multiple candidates. This can help us decide if the candidates 
are similar or not.


2. Looking at the output of your followed_by_hillary_and_donald function, why
do you think this user is followed by both Hilary Clinton and Donald Trump,
who are rivals? Do some web searches to see if you can find out more
information.

Magic Johnson is an American retired professional basketball player. Both could
be following him because of their interest in sports. Magic Johnson is a strong 
supporter of Hilary Clinton and wants her to become the next president.
However, he is open to doing business with Donald Trump and would like to be 
friends with him. And he also loves Trump hotels.


3. There is a big difference in how many accounts each candidate follows (Gary
Johnson follows over 3K accounts, while Donald Trump follows less than
50). Why do you think this is? How might that affect our analysis?

This could be because Donald Trump is popular enough and he will follow only 
those people who can benefit him in his business and politics. And he would not be
interested in getting updates about other people. Also,This gives an image that 
Gary Johnson is trying enlarge his circle and become more popular and be in the 
news through his tweets.

This can help in concluding that Donald Trump is much popular than Gary Johnson
and hence he does not need to follow people to gain popularity unlike others.


4. The follower graph we've collected is incomplete. To expand it, we would
have to also collect the list of accounts followed by each of the
friends. That is, for each user X that Donald Trump follows, we would have to
also collect all the users that X follows. Assuming we again use the API call
https://dev.twitter.com/rest/reference/get/friends/ids, how many requests will
we have to make? Given how Twitter does rate limiting
(https://dev.twitter.com/rest/public/rate-limiting), approximately how many
minutes will it take to collect this data?

To get the friend ids of the 4 candidates we have to make 4 calls.

To get the ids of each of the friends we will have to make 4159+3124+748+42

The Total number of calls to be made will be 4+4159+3124+748+42 = 8077 calls

According to the rate limit we can make only 15 calls in a 15 minutes time window
so we can make 8077 calls in 8077 minutes which is approximately 5 days and 6 hours.
(Assuming that we don't make 15 calls much before 15 minutes. This could yield results
earlier than 5 days and 6 hours)
